Alright we're going to go ahead and
take care of our coding assignment, the
first thing was to create a Publisher
entity so I'm going to go over to the
model and create a new class called
Publisher. We'll go ahead and add that in
to git, as usual I'll put that in github
for us and we wanted a couple properties
here so string name and I'm not going to
do all the address properties, just
wanted to add those in so I'll save a
little bit time typing here and the
first thing we need to do is make this
an entity. Again using the Javax.persistence
and I am going to steal some
time here and just cut and paste
remember do not do that at home. I'm showing
you my bad habits, so now I have the
properties and what we want to do is add
in a getter and setter I'm using
IntelliJ, use the command to do that and I'm gonna
highlight all those, hit Enter so that it
puts in my getters and setters for all
the properties so now I have a basic
entity defined as Publisher and next we
needed to modify the Book class so come
in here, see if we can refactor that. Go
ahead and refactor so I'm going to tell
it to go ahead and ignore that so it was giving me a warning
about the DEV bootstrap class and we'll
get to that in a second and we need to
create a Repository so I'm going to go
and do that
that's going to be an interface, extend
out the CRUD repository and we want to
say just Publisher and Long for the key
so that's all we need to do to keep
Spring Data happy and next we need to
come in and add it here and I'm gonna
update the constructor so we definitely
need to do that for Springs Autowire to
work and now we need to update the data
as well so I'm going to come in here.
Okay so a couple minor things that we
need to change here,
so it changed the constructor, the
constructor on Book got updated and
before we do that we want to save it too.
Now if you're doing this for the
assignment you might want to create two
different publishers here I'm just
creating one for to expedite things
through this example so just to recap
what's going on here in the Bootstrap
Class is I've added in the PublisherRepository I modified the constructor
and Spring is gonna autowire in an
instance of that for us at run time and
then on line 36 I created a new
Publisher, set the name property and
then I save it and then in the
constructor of the two Book objects I
passed in that Publisher object and that
should run normally so let's go ahead
and I forgot one thing I just realized.
So we changed that and I've got to add in
this entity one-to-one almost forgot. So
let's go ahead and start up Spring Boot.
Spring Boot started normally and I'm
going to toggle over to chrome where I
have the h2 console and I'm going to
need to refresh those and I'm going to
Connect and you can see that I have a
new entity created so let's go ahead and
inspect that so I have a null address
but my foo value is there so we can see
that did get created normally, we can see
that Publisher is there and if we inspect
Book, now we have a PUBLISHER_ID. So
hibernate was smart enough to create
everything like that at it and PUBLISHER_ID which is going to give us the
relationship to the PUBLISHER table.